feat: Add fromDOM method (#800)
cozy/cozy-client: docs/api/cozy-client.md

In konnector/service context, CozyClient can be instantiated from environment variables

**Kind**: static method of [<code>CozyClient</code>](#CozyClient)  
<a name="CozyClient.fromDOM"></a>

### CozyClient.fromDOM(selector, options) ⇒ <code>object</code>

> In cozy app context, CozyClient can be instantiated from data injected by the stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When used from an app, CozyClient can be instantiated from the data injected by the stack in
the DOM.
```

Reviewer 2: When used from an web app ? ;)
